update stict mode language (#8813)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/static-analysis.md

You can configure if and when the <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> performs static SQL analysis for a model. Configure the `static_analysis` config in your project YAML file (`dbt_project.yml`), model properties YAML file, or in a SQL config block in your model file. Refer to [Priciples of static analysis](/docs/fusion/new-concepts?version=1.12#principles-of-static-analysis) for more information on the different modes of static analysis.

> Setting a model to `strict` does not automatically make its downstreams strict; they keep the project default unless you set them explicitly. For more info and examples, see [strict mode inheritance](/docs/fusion/new-concepts#strict-mode-inheritance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting a model to `strict` does not automatically set `strict` for downstream models; they keep the project default unless you configure them explicitly. For more information and examples, refer to [strict mode inheritance](/docs/fusion/new-concepts#strict-mode-inheritance).
```
